[native] Track CPU & Memory overload in native worker. (#24949)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties.rst

Specifies the amount of memory to shrink when the memory pushback is
triggered. This only applies if ``system-mem-pushback-enabled`` is ``true``.

``system-mem-pushback-abort-enabled``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

> If true, memory pushback will quickly abort queries with the most memory usage under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If true, memory pushback will abort queries with the largest memory usage under
```
Suggest deleting "quickly" because, quickly in comparison to what? 
Suggest changing "most" to "largest".

Author: @steveburnett 
No problem, I can update. Copied the text from the source code. Will update it in the source code as well.

low memory condition. This only applies if ``system-mem-pushback-enabled`` is ``true``.

``worker-overloaded-threshold-mem-gb``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``integer``

> * **Default value:** ``0``

Reviewer 2: It seems a bit odd to use 0 for default threshold. Can we use something like -1 to indicate that it can be ignored ?

Author: @aditi-pandit 
Thanks for reviewing this PR, seem like hard to find anyone brave enough these days to review a small change.

Using zeros for 'no op' is the practice we use already in the config.
See lines:
252 for kDriverCancelTasksWithStuckOperatorsThresholdMs
296 for kSystemMemLimitGb
365 for kAsyncCachePersistenceInterval
451 for kSharedArbitratorMaxMemoryArbitrationTime
532 for kSharedArbitratorGlobalArbitrationMemoryReclaimPct

It actually makes a certain semantic sense - threshold 0 for something that cannot be negative does not make sense, so it can be used as the 'magic number'.
